Welcome back.
I wanted to take a second here before we keep going with testing our robo friends up to just go over
what we've learned from our slides and how it all makes sense now.
We learned that now we have just that we can install that provides for us a test framework something
that we can run tests in and this just also comes with an assertion library where we can use xpect dot
to be equal or to have or all these things that we can do that we saw in our cheat sheet to assert something
to make sure that this equals this.
And then we also saw that just comes with a test runner something that we're able to run the test in
and he saw that in my terminal.
I always have those tests running and checking I make sure that things are always passing.
We also saw that we have mocking functions that we can use.
We saw that in our example where we built our wars API where we got all those people that we could mock
the fetch function and make sure that it was called again something that comes with just sign on is
a popular one that it works very very similar that you're going to see as well.
And then finally we saw that we can do code coverage by running NPM test dash dash dash dash coverage
and it gives us a coverage of where we have tests and where we don't.
So that we can improve our app.
I told you this is going to make sense and we're not even done yet.
We saw that we can test our app programmatically but if we need any time to use some API we have those
three options we can use the actual Daun we can use something like puppeteer for a headless browser
or something like jazz dom which if we're using the Mount rendering an enzyme we can set up as well.
Again there.
This set up is fairly simple and you can check it out on the enzyme documentation Oh yeah and we also
learned that and react.
We can use enzyme and snapshot testing to make our tests super super easy.
Again another reason that I love using just especially with re-act projects that is a quick break back
to coding.
We go in the next video and that one probably.